README for the ircu2.10.11 series
PLEASE READ THIS COMPLETELY BEFORE RUNNING THE SERVER!

The u2.10.11 is the most advanced version of Undernet ircd to date.
There are still plenty of rough edges, but many things have been
cleaned up and redone.  The major changes for this version are
documented in RELEASE.NOTES, in this directory.  A good description of
compiling and installing the server is included in INSTALL.  Further
documentation on many aspects of ircu is contained in the doc
subdirectory.

IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON USING IRCU IN A CHROOT "JAIL," YOU MUST READ
doc/readme.chroot!  This document describes the intricacies of using
the Undernet ircd daemon in such an environment.

This version of ircd no longer has the "make compile" step; most
compile-time options have become features which can be set in the
configuration file, or on the fly online through the SET and RESET
commands; the current values may be obtained with GET.  The remaining
compile-time options are set through arguments to ./configure.  A list
of the compile-time options may be obtained with "./configure --help";
see RELEASE.NOTES for a more comprehensive description of each
option.  All features are documented in doc/readme.features, and log
configuration is documented in doc/readme.log.

This server version is not compatible with Undernet ircd releases
prior to u2.10.10, nor is it compatible with any other version of
ircd.  Also note that this version incorporates the features requested
by the Undernet administrators in CFV 165; if you don't want these
hiding features enabled, you must add -DINCLUDED_ircd_policy_h to
CFLAGS prior to running ./configure.

For more information on the changes in this release, see RELEASE.NOTES
and ChangeLog, both in this directory.  You may also reference the CVS
log on the Undernet Coder Committee web page at
http://coder-com.undernet.org/.
